.TH octopuslb-server "1" "29 Nov 2011" "version 1.14" "User Commands"

.SH NAME

octopuslb-server - main server process for the Octopus Load Balancer utility.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B octopuslb-server
-h
.br
.B octopuslb-server
-c config_file [-f] [-d debug_level] 
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B octopuslb-server
takes a mandatory config_file argument and begins an instance of the octopus load balancer utility. 
.B octopuslb-server 
can be started as a foreground process or with a different level of debugging by passing parameters on startup. 

As many instances of the balancer may be created on the same host as long as the host OS allows a process to bind on the particular 
IP and TCP port specified in the config file.

Most features of 
.B octopuslb-server
can be dynamically controlled via
.B octopuslb-admin
such as; server addition/deletion/enabling/disabling/limiting and load balancing algorithm changes.  


.SH OPTIONS

.TP 5
.B -h
prints out the list of available commands

.TP
.B -c CONFIG_FILE
this defines the octopus configuration file that will be used with this balancer. See the man page for
.B octopuslb.conf
for more information about the contents of the config file.

.TP
.B -f
using this option forces 
.B octopuslb-server
to run in the foreground (no daemon mode).

.TP
.B -d DEBUG_LEVEL
an integer that defines the logging verbosity. This will override the debug_level
setting in the config file. Accepted range is 0-6

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR octopuslb-admin "(1), "
.br


.SH AUTHOR

Alistair Reay (alreay1@gmail.com) 